( wind howling )
♪
( man breathing heavily )
‐ ( gasping )
‐ ( radio crackles )
( man #2 over radio )
WE'RE AT THE TARGET POINT.
INTEL SAYS ENEMY FORCES HAVE
PULLED OUT, BUT STAY FROSTY.
PRIORITY ONE IS CIVILIAN EVAC.
COMMENCE SEARCH OPERATIONS.
( man breathing heavily )
( panting )
( gasps )
THIS CAN'T BE. NO.
HUH?
( gasping )
( gasps )
♪
( singing in Japanese )
Nanbu: I JUST CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
I MEAN, I DIDN'T THINK THAT
I'D EVER SEE YOU AGAIN, ARAGAKI.
Aragaki: RIGHT. LIKEWISE.
IT WAS HELL ON EARTH.
I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE
I MADE IT BACK.
( Nanbu laughs )
THIS MIGHT SOUND INSINCERE
COMING FROM A HUSTLER LIKE ME,
BUT IT'S AN ACTUAL MIRACLE.
I MEAN, YOU'RE HERE.
YOU'RE ACTUALLY HERE, BESIDE ME,
JUST YOU AND ME,
LIKE BACK IN THE OLD DAYS.
( Aragaki sighs )
COME ON NOW. DON'T BE LIKE THAT.
I JUST WANT YOU TO KNOW
EVERYTHING YOU TAUGHT ME,
IT HELPED SAVE MY LIFE.
( Nanbu sniffles )
YOU MUST HAVE HAD IT ROUGH.
I'M SORRY.
( crying )
Aragaki: WOULD YOU MIND IF I
SHOWED YOU MY GRATITUDE, COACH?
( Nanbu chuckles )
HELL, NO. I DON'T DESERVE THAT.
JUST SEEING YOU
ALIVE AGAIN IS PLENTY.
NOT TO MENTION,
YOU'RE RANKED 17th,
YET YOU'RE STILL WILLING
TO FIGHT MY GUY JOE,
WHO'S JUST STARTING OUT.
I DON'T KNOW WHERE TO BEGIN
TO THANK YOU FOR THAT.
Aragaki: I'VE DECIDED
TO RUIN HIM.
Nanbu: EH?
Aragaki: THIS NEW FIGHTER
THAT YOU'VE BEEN
SO CAREFULLY DEVELOPING.
Nanbu: UH...
( stammers )
HEY, HOLD ON! WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
Aragaki: THERE'S A LOT TO
MAKE UP FOR, THINGS I'VE LOST,
SO IT'S TIME YOU PAID
YOUR PART OF THE DEBT IN FULL.
( Nanbu gasping )
Joe: WHAT DID YOU
JUST SAY, POPS?!
HEY, YOU LISTENING?
Sachio: TAKE IT EASY.
HE'S PROBABLY JUST TIRED.
HE WAS ON HIS FEET ALL DAY
IN THOSE TIGHT‐FITTING
DRESS SHOES.
THEY MIGHT HAVE CUT OFF
HIS CIRCULATION
AND MADE HIM
A LITTLE LIGHTHEADED‐‐
Joe: JUST WHAT IN THE HELL
DO YOU MEAN,
"WE'RE NOT DOING THE FIGHT"?!
Nanbu: I'M NOT SAYIN' WE WON'T,
JUST SAYIN'
IT'S A POSSIBILITY.
IF SOMETHING ELSE TURNS UP
WHERE WE DON'T NEED THIS
PARTICULAR MATCH, WE'RE BAILING.
Joe: THAT'S BULLSHIT!
THIS IS OUR CHANCE
TO SHOOT STRAIGHT TO THE TOP!
IT'S EXACTLY THE BET
WE'VE BEEN HOPING FOR!
Nanbu: LISTEN, KID.
IT'S NOT A BET
IF YOU KNOW
HOW IT'S GONNA TURN OUT.
Joe: YOU SAYING I'LL LOSE?
Nanbu: IT'S NOT GONNA BE EASY.
THAT'S ALL I'M SAYING,
NOT THE WAY YOU ARE NOW.
( Joe growls )
( Sachio gasps )
Nanbu: I POURED EVERY SINGLE
THING I KNEW INTO THIS FIGHTER,
AND NOW HE'S BACK TO SHOVE IT
ALL DOWN MY THROAT.
ALL THIS TIME,
AND HE HASN'T CHANGED A BIT.
Sachio: EH, I'M NOT
SO SURE ABOUT THAT.
Nanbu: HUH?
♪
( gasps )
Sachio: ARAGAKI WAS
A SOLDIER, RIGHT?
IT SAYS HERE THAT HE LOST
BOTH HIS LEGS IN AN EXPLOSION
WHILE HE WAS IN COMBAT
ON THE FRONT LINES.
LOOKS LIKE HE WAS MISSING
IN ACTION FOR A WHILE,
BUT HE WAS EVENTUALLY FOUND
AND RETURNED HOME A YEAR LATER.
( pads thumping )
Nanbu: HE FIGHTS
IN THAT CONDITION?
Aragaki: THERE'S A LOT TO
MAKE UP FOR, THINGS I'VE LOST,
SO IT'S TIME YOU PAID
YOUR PART OF THE DEBT IN FULL.
Nanbu: JOE, LISTEN.
THIS FIGHT IS TOO RISKY.
( Joe gasps )
Nanbu: IT'S NOT
CHICKENING OUT IF WE‐‐
Joe: I'M FIGHTING HIM.
WE'RE GOING TO MEGALONIA.
ISN'T THAT RIGHT?
Sachio: POPS.
( Joe grunts )
( grunting )
Nanbu: YOUR PUNCHES
ARE FIRST‐RATE, FOR SURE.
BUT IF YOU'RE
NOT IN THE RIGHT RANGE,
THEY LOSE A LOT OF THEIR IMPACT.
WE'VE GOTTA DRILL
THE CORRECT DISTANCE INTO YOU.
THERE YOU GO!
( thinking ) NO SPECIAL PLAN'S
GONNA HELP THIS TIME.
WE'VE GOTTA POLISH
ALL THE SKILLS
YOU'VE BEEN BUILDING
UP TO THIS POINT.
‐ Joe: HEY!
‐ Man: HI.
‐ ( metal clangs )
‐ Sachio: WELCOME BACK.
Joe: WHERE'S POPS?
Sachio: HE SAID
HE WAS GONNA GO OUT.
HE WAS MUMBLING THE WHOLE TIME
HE WAS MAKING
MISO SOUP EARLIER.
( slurps )
BLEHH! TOO SALTY!
Joe: SALTY WORKS FOR ME.
‐ ( sips )
‐ ( groans )
Joe: YOU KNOW, YOU OUGHT TO
EXERCISE EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE
INSTEAD OF MESSING AROUND
WITH MACHINES.
Sachio: NO WAY.
EXERCISE AIN'T MY THING, MAN.
I'VE BEEN LOOKING
INTO ARAGAKI'S BACKGROUND
FROM HIS RECORDS
AT THE VETERANS ASSOCIATION.
HIS FIRST MEGALO‐BOXING MATCH
WAS TEN YEARS AGO.
TEN MATCHES,
ALL FIRST‐ROUND KOs.
HE WAS ON HIS WAY TO THE TOP,
BUT HE WAS IN THE RESERVES,
SO SURE ENOUGH, HE GOT CALLED UP
AND SENT OVERSEAS FOR DUTY.
LOOK AT THIS, JOE.
HE'S ONLY BEEN FIGHTING AGAIN
FOR THREE YEARS,
BUT IN THAT TIME, HE'S CLIMBED
WAY UP THE RANKINGS.
IF HE HADN'T STOPPED FIGHTING,
HE MIGHT EVEN HAVE‐‐( gasps )
ARE THESE HIS OPPONENTS FROM
AFTER HE CAME BACK TO THE RING?
THIS DUDE'S BRUTAL.
ALL THAT STUFF POPS SAID ABOUT
HIM WANTING TO DESTROY YOU,
HE MIGHT HAVE REALLY MEANT IT.
( engine idling )
♪
( Nanbu gasping )
MM?
( siren blaring )
Man: IS HE EVEN CONSCIOUS?
Man #2: YEAH.
THEY FOUND HIM PRETTY FAST.
HE'S GONNA BE OKAY.
Man #1: LET'S GET
TO THE HOSPITAL
BEFORE HIS FAMILY SHOWS UP.
Man #3: UNFORTUNATELY,
MOST OF THESE GRAVES
ARE FILLED WITH YOUNG MEN
WHO'VE TAKEN THEIR OWN LIVES.
THEY RETURN HOME, HOPING TO GET
BACK TO WHAT THEY'D LEFT BEHIND,
BUT THE THINGS THEY'VE SEEN
KEEP HAUNTING THEM,
NEVER LEAVING THEM ALONE.
ARAGAKI LOST EVERYTHING
HE HAD TO THAT DAMN WAR,
HIS MIND AND HIS BODY.
BUT EVEN THEN,
HE THOUGHT HE HAD
A PLACE HE COULD RETURN TO.
HE THOUGHT THAT YOU
WOULD BE THE ONE PERSON
BACK HOME WAITING FOR HIM.
BUT IN THE END,
HIS HOPES WERE ALL FOR NOTHING.
Nanbu: EH, IT'S NOT LIKE THAT.
I SAW ALL THE REPORTS.
I THOUGHT HE WAS DEAD.
Man: YEAH,
IT'S TRUE THAT THE NEWS
WAS REPORTING
HE WAS KILLED IN ACTION.
BUT STILL, YOU NEVER TRIED
TO CONFIRM WHAT HAPPENED TO HIM.
WAS THAT REPORT ALL IT TOOK
FOR YOU TO COMPLETELY
GIVE UP ON THE MAN?
HE'S MADE IT CLEAR TO ME
HE DOESN'T WANT TO SEE YOU.
Nanbu: HANG ON JUST A MINUTE.
WOULD YOU MIND
TELLING HIM SOMETHING FOR ME?
HOWEVER HE FEELS
ABOUT ME IS FINE.
HE CAN HATE ME FOREVER,
BUT I DON'T WANT HIM
TO BRING THAT HATE WITH HIM
INTO THIS MATCH.
Man: YOU DON'T PLAN
ON ASKING HIM FOR FORGIVENESS?
Nanbu: WHAT'S THE POINT?
WE ENDED UP TRAVELING
DIFFERENT ROADS.
( Aragaki grunting )
Trainer: WHAT EXACTLY
ARE YOU AIMING FOR?
I THOUGHT YOU WANTED
TO ENTER MEGALONIA
WITH THE LEGS
THAT GAVE YOU YOUR LIFE BACK,
TO PROVE YOURSELF.
IF THAT'S THE GOAL,
THEN YOU SHOULD CANCEL
THIS MATCH RIGHT NOW.
YOU MOVE UP BY FIGHTING
SOMEONE RANKED ABOVE YOU.
YOU STILL HAVE TIME
TO WALK AWAY.
Aragaki:
WE'VE BEEN THROUGH THIS.
IF I FIGHT
THE FAMOUS "GEARLESS" JOE,
IT'S SURE TO BRING IN
A LOT MORE SPONSORS
AND, THEREFORE, MORE MONEY.
AND WITH THAT,
I'LL BE ABLE TO REPAY YOU
AND EVERYONE ELSE
WHO'S HAD MY BACK.
Trainer: THERE'S NO NEED.
NO ONE IS DOING THIS
BECAUSE THEY WERE
EXPECTING COMPENSATION.
NANBU CAME BY,
BUT I TURNED HIM AWAY.
THIS ISN'T ABOUT THE MONEY.
YOU'RE JUST JEALOUS
OF HIS NEW STUDENT.
YOU'RE UPSET
THE KID'S IN THE PLACE
THAT SHOULD HAVE BEEN YOURS.
YOU NEED TO LEAVE
THE PAST IN THE PAST.
DOESN'T THIS
SEEM PETTY TO YOU?
YOU'RE ACTING LIKE A DOG
THAT WAS ABANDONED BY ITS OWNER.
Aragaki: I APPRECIATE
ALL YOU'VE DONE FOR ME, REALLY,
BUT EVERY MAN
SEES THINGS HIS OWN WAY.
THIS BOILS DOWN TO HOW
YOU AND I ARE DIFFERENT PEOPLE.
( grunting )
Trainer: YOU SOUND
JUST LIKE HIM.
♪
( Aragaki shuddering )
( wailing )
( lock clatters )
HUH?
Nanbu: LISTEN.
THIS IS YOUR HOME.
REMEMBER THAT.
I'LL BE WAITING FOR YOU.
( Aragaki gasps )
( motorcycle engine roars )
‐ ( tires squeal )
‐ HMM?
Joe: HEY.
Sachio: WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN
ALL DAY, POPS?!
TAKE A LOOK AT THIS.
Nanbu: HMM?
Sachio: ARAGAKI'S GEAR LOOKS
LIKE IT'S DESIGNED
TO BE LIGHTWEIGHT.
IF THAT'S TRUE, I DON'T THINK
HE'D HAVE MUCH
OF A POWER ADVANTAGE OVER JOE.
Nanbu: EVEN IF THE ADVANTAGE
IS SMALL, WITHOUT GEAR,
JOE'S GONNA HAVE
LESS POWER THAN ARAGAKI.
Sachio: ALL I'M SAYING
IS THAT IF THEY'RE SO SET
ON MAKING SURE
HIS GEAR IS LIGHT,
MAYBE IT MEANS THEY'RE WORRIED
ABOUT HIS STAMINA.
I MEAN, HE IS OVER 30, YOU KNOW.
Nanbu: THE REASON
HE WANTS LIGHTER GEAR
IS SO IT WON'T SLOW HIM DOWN.
THE SPEED HE MOVES AROUND WITH,
HIS FOOTWORK,
ANY DISADVANTAGE THOSE LEGS
WOULD GIVE HIM IN A FIGHT,
HE'S DONE ALL THE TRAINING
HE CAN TO OVERCOME IT,
EVEN MORE THAN HE DID
WHEN I WAS COACHIN' HIM.
Sachio: HE'S ONE STEP
AHEAD OF US ON EVERYTHING.
YOU KNOW, I'M STARTING TO WONDER
WHOSE SIDE YOU'RE EVEN ON, POPS.
( Nanbu sighs )
Sachio: I MEAN,
ONE OF YOUR STUDENTS
HAS BEEN NEAR THE TOP
OF THE RANKINGS FOR A WHILE NOW.
HOW COME YOU
DIDN'T NOTICE HIM SOONER?
WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM, HUH?
Sachio: SHUT UP.
( Sachio grunts )
( growls )
Nanbu: WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME,
YOU LITTLE BRAT?
I THOUGHT HE WAS DEAD
UNTIL THE OTHER DAY.
WHAT DOES THAT SAY ABOUT ME?
I MEAN,
I'D FORGOTTEN ALL ABOUT HIM,
NOT LIKE HE'D
DROPPED OFF THE MAP,
BUT IT WAS MORE LIKE
HE'D NEVER BEEN BORN.
IT'S NO WONDER HE HATES ME.
I BLOCKED OUT
HIS ENTIRE EXISTENCE
SIMPLY BECAUSE IT WAS
CONVENIENT FOR ME.
I'M A DAMN TRAITOR.
Boy: HEY! ( chuckles )
Aragaki: THE NANBU I KNEW
WOULD HAVE NEVER TRIED
SOMETHING AS GIMMICKY
AS FIGHTING WITHOUT GEAR.
I'VE LOST ALL RESPECT FOR HIM.
MAYBE THAT OFFENDS YOU,
BUT THERE IT IS.
Joe: NAH, I AGREE WITH YOU,
BUT I DON'T EXACTLY HATE
THE OLD MAN'S BLUFFS.
Aragaki: YOU MUST PUT
A LOT OF TRUST IN HIM.
Joe: THE WAY I SEE IT,
HE BELIEVED IN ME,
SO I'LL BELIEVE IN HIM.
SIMPLE ENOUGH, RIGHT?
( Aragaki scoffs )
IT'S HIS NATURE
TO BETRAY SUCH TRUST
WITHOUT A SECOND THOUGHT.
I JUST HOPE THAT BETRAYAL
DOESN'T HAPPEN TO YOU, TOO.
Joe: YOU SAYING
IT'S POPS'S FAULT
YOUR LEGS ENDED UP LIKE THAT?
( Aragaki sighs )
( boys grunting )
Boy: GOIN' IN FOR THE KILL.
Joe: HE'S NOT LEADING ME AROUND
BY THE HAND OR ANYTHING.
HE'S GOT HIS LIFE,
AND I'VE GOT MINE.
BLAME WHOEVER YOU WANT,
BUT IN THE END,
A MAN MAKES HIS OWN CALLS.
Aragaki: GUESS THE TWO OF US
DON'T SEE EYE TO EYE.
Joe: YOU WANNA
DESTROY ME, RIGHT?
GO ON AND TRY.
JUST DON'T EXPECT IT
TO BE EASY.
Nanbu: YOU'RE PUTTIN' TOO MUCH
WEIGHT ON YOUR FRONT FOOT AGAIN.
YOU GOTTA SPLIT IT EVENLY.
NEVER FORGET
TO KEEP THAT BALANCE.
‐ ( punches whoosh )
‐ SEE? THIS IS WHAT I MEAN.
IF HE DODGES ONE OF THOSE,
YOU'LL BE TOO SLOW TO FOLLOW UP.
ARAGAKI'S FAST
WHEN IT COMES TO SWITCHING
BETWEEN ATTACK AND DEFENSE.
IF YOU CAN'T KEEP UP,
HE'LL BE ALL OVER YOU.
( Joe sighs )
Nanbu: HUH? HEY, WHAT'S WRONG?
YOU'RE NOT FINISHED HERE YET.
Joe: TELL ME. YOU STILL
DON'T THINK I CAN WIN, RIGHT?
( Nanbu sighs )
Joe: THE POPS THAT I KNOW,
EVEN IF IT WAS A FLAT‐OUT LIE,
WOULD AT LEAST TELL ME
I COULD PULL IT OFF.
MAN, YOU HAVE CHANGED.
YOU NEVER GAVE A DAMN ABOUT ME
BACK WHEN WE WERE FIGHTING
MATCHES IN THE UNDERGROUND.
Nanbu: NEWS FLASH, KID.
I STILL DON'T GIVE A DAMN.
Joe: IS THAT SO?
THEN I'LL JUST WIN MY OWN WAY.
( Nanbu groans )
( man panting )
( heart beating )
( gasps )
( gasping )
( screams )
( gasps )
( panting )
Sachio: MAN,
THAT CROWD IS INSANE.
SOME PEOPLE EVEN PAID JUST TO
GET IN AND STAND UP IN THE BACK.
SEEMS LIKE POPS'S PLAN
REALLY PAID OFF.
WAIT. WHERE IS HE?
Joe: I DON'T KNOW.
Sachio: I DON'T GET IT.
HE DIDN'T SERIOUSLY
GIVE UP, DID HE?
( trainer gasps )
( Aragaki gasps )
YOU.
( Nanbu grumbles )
I'M BEGGING YOU, ARAGAKI.
‐ Trainer: HEY!
‐ Nanbu: PLEASE LISTEN TO ME.
Trainer: ENOUGH.
THE FIGHT'S ABOUT TO START.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU?
Nanbu: LOOK, IT'S JUST
LIKE YOU THOUGHT, OKAY?
I COULDN'T TAKE IT.
I RAN AWAY.
I RAN AWAY FROM WHAT
WE HAD BACK THEN.
I WAS A COWARD,
SO HATE ME, NOT JOE.
( grunts )
PLEASE, ARAGAKI!
ARAGAKI!
( Gear clanking )
( crowd cheering )
Referee: IN THE WEST CORNER,
WITH TEAM NOWHERE,
A MAN WHO'S FOUGHT FROM
THE VERY BOTTOM UP TO RANK 102!
WILL THIS BE
ANOTHER MIRACULOUS UPSET?
"GEARLESS" JOE!
( crowd cheering )
Man: THIS IS YOUR BIG CHANCE,
JOE! DON'T BLOW IT!
Man #2: BEAT THIS GUY, AND YOU
MIGHT GET IN TO MEGALONIA!
Referee:
AND, OUT OF THE EAST CORNER,
THE PROUD SOLDIER
WHO FOUGHT FOR OUR COUNTRY
AND CAME HOME
TO THE MEGALOBOX RING,
CURRENTLY RANKED 17th,
BASED AT THE VETERANS
ASSOCIATION MEGALO‐BOXING GYM,
ARAGAKI!
Man #3: ARAGAKI, DON'T LET
THIS FLASH IN THE PAN BEAT YOU!
Man #4: HE'S JUST
A POSEUR WITH A GIMMICK!
Nanbu: NO WAY. IT CAN'T BE.
( shudders ) SCREW YOU.
HE CAN'T‐‐
NO.
( yells )
HE CAN'T BE DEAD, DAMN IT!
( sobbing )
♪
Trainer: THIS MATCH IS
JUST SO YOU CAN MOVE UP.
YOU UNDERSTAND ME?
Aragaki: YEAH, SURE.
‐ ( horn blowing )
‐ ( Joe grunts )
( Aragaki grunts )
Man #5: COME ON, JOE!
Sachio: HEY, WOULD YOU
LOOK AT THAT, POPS?
JOE'S STANDING HIS GROUND.
Nanbu: DON'T GET COCKY.
Man #6: DAMN IT!
‐ GET YOUR ASS UP!
‐ Announcer: SLIP!
( Joe grunts )
( both gasp )
Announcer: DOWN!
Computer: ONE, TWO...
Aragaki:
I'VE DECIDED TO RUIN HIM...
‐ ( Nanbu gasps )
‐ Computer: FOUR...
Aragaki: THIS NEW FIGHTER
THAT YOU'VE BEEN
SO CAREFULLY DEVELOPING.
Computer: SEVEN, EIGHT, NINE...
♪
♪♪Singer: ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
‐ ♪♪ 6, 7, 8, 9
‐ ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5...
( singing in Japanese )